[Autogenerated] So the first thing I'd like to do is to show you
what this application will end up looking like just to give you an
idea of where we're going with us.
What we're building is not location that will allow us to stall
links on the Web on display those links within a UI.
There are many applications out there to do this.
I'm shamelessly ripping off some UI from a well known one called Pocket No code.
Obviously from the application,
the code is written purely with Java using spring.
I've just stolen the way the user interface looks.
I'm inside IntelliJ IDEA here, so I can run the application.
This is a spring boot web application.
We'll talk a little about spring boot as we go along.
This is going to run a web process.
There's an embedded version of Tomcat on When this runs up,
is going to use things like hibernate to connect to a database we can't use.
My SQL is the data store.
This is now running as we can see in the console at the bottom here.
So if they're on a Web browser and go to local host 80
81 this is gonna ask me to log in.
And once I've done that, click on log in and a shows me a list of images.
These are the snapshots of website pages.
These are pages that I would have favorited, for example, their pages.
I want to go back to and visit again later.
I have built a UI for this.
Although the UI at the moment has no functionality behind,
it just allows me to show the set of web page is
that I've saved for later viewing.
So this is what we're going to build as we go through the course.
So we're going to start with a fairly simple structure.
I'm also gonna walk through some of the thought
processes as I build out the project.
So you might have noticed when I showed you the finished project.
We have a project in there called jacket Entities.
And here we have a project called Jacket Repository.
My initial thought when I was building this project was that I
needed a repository along with a web project.
So I created a repository project is part of my starter ID
got to web project that I know I'm going to need.
I will see as we go through this with this project structure will change.
So we know we're building a web project we know we're using
Spring and I wanted to use spring boot.
I'm also using grade URL is part of the project.
So all of my dependencies, even inside idea are based on grade or build files.
These far as are called grade URL build.
If you've not used greater before,
I have a class on Pluralsight the covers creating and managing grader bills.
You can look at that.
If you want more details on grade URL,
we won't be using greater extensively here.
But you need to be aware that this is the bill tool
we're using for this project.
Now, in my greater bill file,
we have what is known to start a project from spring boot.
So we have this spring boots start a web spring Bootstrap are two time leaf,
timely S3 UI IT who were using.
I'm gonna see more on this as you go further into this
course without more started projects, we need them.
We have, for example,
security projects on data access projects in here is well so if I open up,
for example, the buildup cradle in the repository project.
In here, we'll see.
We've got a Data JPA starter on.
We also have a test starter.
One of the ideas behind Spring Boot is to make my
dependency management much more simple.
So by adding a starter project,
this spring's in all of the other dependencies that are needed.
So, for example, with the app Starter brings in all the dependencies for JPA.
And a test starter brings in all the dependencies for test.
So in grade URL, when we have a multi project built,
we have a root build great URL file.
And if I open up that file and that's the one that's simply
in the root project here called Jacket.
If I look in this buildup,
cradle file will see that I can also specify project dependencies.
So here I have my web project that's called Jacket web.
That depends on my repository project,
so we are already building this idea of dependencies within the application.
So in the web project for look in the Main Jarvis,
a sources on look inside the controllers,
I have a single controller called article Controller and currently this Jest,
maps and endpoint called article that returns a view,
which is called Article Index.
I have to look for that view in the next two HTML.
This is a timely food.
There's quite a lot of HTML in here.
The section we care about it rates over a set of articles on displays,
each article on the page.
So somehow we have to get this collection of articles on pull
that collection into my user interface.
This field then opens our collection on display some
information for each article in the collection.
These articles are the links that I've saved previously.
The links that I'm interested in at the moment the
controller doesn't do that is just displace,
um, empty information into the UI.
But you'll see later how to do that.
Obviously, as we build up the application more on more.
So currently, if I run this on, go to a browser on go to local host 80 81.
There's no security, just some UI on.
There's no date run here at the moment and we'll see.
As we go through this,
we build out the application how to add this data on how to AD DS security, and we'll talk about how to design the application using a logical structure